Update change-notifications-delivery-event-hubs.md (#22326)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/change-notifications-delivery-event-hubs.md

    ]
}
```
### Subscriptions for rich notifications with large payloads
Event Hubs' maximum message size is 1MB.  When using [rich notifications](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/webhooks-with-resource-data?tabs=csharp) you might expect notifications that will exceeed this 1MB limit.  To receive notifications larger than 1MB through Event Hubs, you must also add a blob storage account to your subscription request.

#### Setup storage and create subscription
1.  [Create a storage account](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-create?tabs=azure-portal)
2.  Create a container in that storage account named "microsoft-graph-change-notifications"
3.  On the storage account page, go to Access Keys, copy the connection string
4.  Add this connection string in the keyvault and give this a name (this is the secret name).
5.  Create (or recreate) your subscription, now including the following **blobStoreUrl** property:

**blobStoreUrl**:  "https://&lt;azurekeyvaultname&gt;.vault.azure.net/secrets/&lt;secretname&gt;?tenantId=&lt;domainname&gt"

#### Receiving notifications

> When Event Hubs receives a notification payload that is larger than 1 MB, the Event Hubs notification will not contain resource, resourceData and EncryptedContent like a normal Rich Notification would. The Event Hubs notification will contain an "additionalPayloadStorageId" GUID that points to the blob in your storage account where these properties have been stored.

Reviewer: We can't assume that **additionalPayloadStorageId** will be a GUID unless the schema explicitly declares so.
```suggestion
When Event Hubs receives a notification payload that is larger than 1 MB, the Event Hubs notification will not contain the **resource**, **resourceData**, and **encryptedContent** properties that are included in rich notifications. The Event Hubs notification will instead contain an **additionalPayloadStorageId** property with an ID that points to the blob in your storage account where these properties have been stored.
```
